README.md, before:

# Adhesion - MQTT over WebSockets

Adhesion is a light-weight solution that allows you to directly use the familiar MQTT pub/sub commands in the browser. It saves you from having to write custom code, and you do not need to expose your MQTT broker to the world.

[Adhesion project site](http://adhesion.artofcoding.nl)

[Adhesion blog post](http://artofcoding.nl/entry/adhesion-reloaded)

## Installing

```npm install adhesion```

## Using Adhesion

### Stand-alone

When using Adhesion as a stand-alone app, supply your MQTT and WebSocket settings in proxy_settings.json.

```json
{
    "mqtt_host": "localhost",
    "mqtt_port": 1883,
    "websocket_port": 8090
}
```

### In your own app

To use the Adhesion proxy in your own node.js application, you can use the methods exposed to you by Adhesion. A small example is as follows:

```js
var Adhesion = require('adhesion');

var server = new Adhesion.Server({
    'mqtt_host': 'localhost',       // defaults to localhost
    'mqtt_port': 1883,              // defaults to port 1883
    'websocket_port': 9234
});
server.on('connection', function(client) {
    console.log('Connection received...');
    client.on('error', function(err) {
        console.log('An error occured');
        console.log(err);
    });
    client.on('publish', function(topic, message, flags, allow) {
        console.log('Publish request on %s: %s', topic, message);
        return allow(true);  // Allow the request (true) or not (false)
    });
    client.on('subscribe', function(topic, allow) {
        console.log('Subscribe request on %s', topic);
        return allow(true);  // Allow the request (true) or not (false)
    });
});
server.on('error', function(err) {
    console.log('An error occured');
    console.log(err);
});
server.start(function() {
    console.log('Adhesion running');
});
```

### Client Example

Within the Adhesion package, you will find a file called client.js. This is the Adhesion client. The following code snippet shows how to connect to the proxy, subscribe to a topic and publish on a topic.

```js
var client = Adhesion.getClient('ws://localhost:8090');
client.on('error', function(error) {
    console.log('Got an error: %s!', error);
});
client.on('open', function() {
    console.log('Connection established!');
    client.subscribe('/var/www/#');
    client.publish('/var/www/ret', 'This works!', { retain: true }); // retain is optional
    client.on('message', function(topic, message) {
        console.log('%s %s', topic, message);
        client.close(); // close the WebSocket
    });
});
client.connect();
```

## Licence

(The MIT License)

Copyright (C) 2014 Michiel van der Velde

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added proxy config settings, added change log

README.md, after:

# Adhesion - MQTT over WebSockets

Adhesion is a light-weight solution that allows you to directly use the familiar MQTT pub/sub commands in the browser. It saves you from having to write custom code, and you do not need to expose your MQTT broker to the world.

### More Information

* [Adhesion project site](http://adhesion.artofcoding.nl)
* [Adhesion blog post](http://artofcoding.nl/entry/adhesion-reloaded)

## Installing

```npm install adhesion```

## Using Adhesion

### Stand-alone

When using Adhesion as a stand-alone app, supply your MQTT and WebSocket settings in proxy_settings.json.

```json
{
    "mqtt_host": "localhost",
    "mqtt_port": 1883,
    "websocket_port": 8090
}
```

| Option         | Default       | Description  |
| -------------  |:-------------:| ------------:|
| mqtt_host      | localhost     | MQTT broker host        |
| mqtt_port      | 1883          | MQTT broker port        |
| websocket_port | 8090          | Port to open WebSocket on        |
| topics_allow   | null (array)  | Which topics the client is allowed to access (optional)        |
| topics_deny    | null (array)  | Which topics the client is denied access (optional)        |
| deny_publish   | null (false)  | Deny client publish rights for all topics (optional)        |

### In your own app

To use the Adhesion proxy in your own node.js application, you can use the methods exposed to you by Adhesion. A small example is as follows:

```js
var Adhesion = require('adhesion');

var server = new Adhesion.Server({
    'mqtt_host': 'localhost',       // defaults to localhost
    'mqtt_port': 1883,              // defaults to port 1883
    'websocket_port': 9234
});
server.on('connection', function(client) {
    console.log('Connection received...');
    client.on('error', function(err) {
        console.log('An error occured');
        console.log(err);
    });
    client.on('publish', function(topic, message, flags, allow) {
        console.log('Publish request on %s: %s', topic, message);
        return allow(true);  // Allow the request (true) or not (false)
    });
    client.on('subscribe', function(topic, allow) {
        console.log('Subscribe request on %s', topic);
        return allow(true);  // Allow the request (true) or not (false)
    });
});
server.on('error', function(err) {
    console.log('An error occured');
    console.log(err);
});
server.start(function() {
    console.log('Adhesion running');
});
```

### Client Example

Within the Adhesion package, you will find a file called client.js. This is the Adhesion client. The following code snippet shows how to connect to the proxy, subscribe to a topic and publish on a topic.

```js
var client = Adhesion.getClient('ws://localhost:8090');
client.on('error', function(error) {
    console.log('Got an error: %s!', error);
});
client.on('open', function() {
    console.log('Connection established!');
    client.subscribe('/var/www/#');
    client.publish('/var/www/ret', 'This works!', { retain: true }); // retain is optional
    client.on('message', function(topic, message) {
        console.log('%s %s', topic, message);
        client.close(); // close the WebSocket
    });
});
client.connect();
```

## Changelog

### Versouin 0.2.1 - 26h July 2014

* Improved 'topics_allow' and 'topics_deny' options in proxy
* Added 'deny_publish' option in proxy

### Version 0.2.0 - 25th July 2014

* Rework of version 0.0.1, initial commit

## Licence

(The MIT License)

Copyright (C) 2014 Michiel van der Velde

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
